#summary Papercuts and nice-to-haves.
#labels features,improvements,suggestions,TODO,papercut

= awareNet improvements =


This page is for collecting ideas and improvements to the awareNet software which are neither bugs nor feature requests, but which would be nice to have eventually.  These items are not prioritised at present, but have been suggested as improvements which we hope to get to as soon as time permits.

== Comments on Groups ==

Groups at present are simply profiles for clubs, sports teams, etc.  They can be used to send notifications to all group members via announcements, and show membership on member's user profiles, but that's about it.

Requests have been made to allow chat and interaction among regular group members on the group page via comments (like profile wall posts), and to allow group admins to add links to the sidebar for projects, blog posts, forum threads, etc related to the group.

These features are easily added.

== Block insertion in WYSWYG editor ==

This would allow images, videos, etc to be added from a control on the editor console, populated on use/query by AJAX request.  This would get arround all sorts of issues and untidiness with the current drag-drop system, which does not work so well on IE, and at present only for pictures (not videos or anything else).

This might also be applied to adding blocks to wiki pages, which most users do nto know how to do.

== Slideshow integration ==

awareNet currently supports both javascript and iframe slideshow views of image galleries, or of images attached to any other object.  Can be added via WYSWYG editor or block to embed a slideshow as one would an image or video.